thanks for watching Brevard tiny-house
companies tour of the robin's nest tiny
house the robin's nest was a hundred
percent custom designed to meet the
customers needs
we hope this tour will help you
understand what it's like to live tiny
each provide tiny house company tiny
homeless built on a custom-designed
trailer built to safely support a tiny
home multiple layers including aluminum
flashing pressure treated plywood and
insulation are securely bolted to ensure
that your tiny house is comfortable safe
and road ready as you walk into the
Robin's Nest tiny house immediately to
your right is the bathroom it has a
regular shower small sink and a
composting toilet to the left of the
front door is a closet space this
placement is a unique feature of Brevard
tiny house company the de placement of
privacy curtains this space can function
as a changing area overhead is the
second loft which can function either as
a second bedroom or be used for storage
purposes as you move into the house on
your right you'll notice a built-in
couch the seats lift up for additional
storage on the left side of the house
the small shelf close to the floor is
actually the fully insulated Boxton
wheel well you can use the space for
books plants picture frames or any other
storage you might need the stairs are an
especially cool feature
don't let the box in appearance fool you
underneath is the water heater which can
be accessed through a removable door a
built in cubby a space for kitty litter
and on the kitchen side underneath is
the washer/dryer combination and a place
for food storage
the master sleeping locked was built to
have extra overhead space the stairs
were also cut into the lofts to make it
extra safe for climbing down a neat and
artistic feature of the master sleeping
loft is the crazy wall several native
woods of various size shape and texture
were incorporated to make an accent wall
our tiny houses are built with many
large open windows to create a bright
natural and open feel
also notice the heater on your right
from experience we know that this is
more than enough to heat the tiny house
in sub-zero temperatures in the kitchen
you'll find a two burner stove a nine
inch deep sink a counter space and an
apartment-sized fridge over top of the
sink and the stove also noticed that
there is a shelf to hold a microwave we
also built slide-out shelves below the
stove to hold a toaster oven and for
additional storage across from the
fridge is a mini pantry and the
washer/dryer combination
the walls are whitewashed to create a
bright and open feel the dark beams are
milled on our depression-era sawmill the
robin's nest is outfitted to hook up to
a 50 amp power source
it also has propane capabilities on the
outside you'll notice a deck was built
over the tongue of the trailer a
trapdoor on the deck allows for
additional storage and as a final touch
a tree was used as one of the posts
thanks for watching the tour of the
robin's nest check out our website at
perv our tiny-house comm for more
information